In order for people to use your app you need to run to surface in this video.
We will learn how to run our first server and our first.
Hey should you keep your route or in another name API.
So it's go under right below here.
I've listened to one or two
let's run out a no job application so I'm going to open up my Rasho.
So here I'm going since you don't need to at one time.
No.
So if you use only know whenever you make any changes to your code it will never restart certainly self
but let's consider this if you do it.
OK now we have this problem.
The term not moon is not recognized as the name of the command that functions to file or operable program.
So we have this we called it paff problem.
So you need to verify what are your paff is correct or not.
So it good to hear and when to tap into this PC right click properties and then you want to advance
the password and then you when it click environment variables and then pass at it and then you want
to view it in this way you get to typing like this one.
The total then and I add to your past so that only you can use.
OK.
All right.
So you to go there.
Exactly.
And then you want to go back to your or I'll show
you sir.
The other thing.
And then what happened.
No sir.
And now it runs perfectly.
So it will restart you know whenever you make any changes.
So for example if you go to your code and you at
you see it and it automatically restarts.
Awesome.
So let's go back to all we're doing this
congratulation and build your first server.
Now it runs.
Magic happens from port to the tourney.
Really proud of you guys.
I have a feeling that one of you guys are going to change the world soon huh.
I know you guys are going to change the world soon enough.
One of the guys.
So now let's move on.
Next step is to create our first issue to be rock.
So go and do that.
So in the middle of here.
STOP of get
us on this
save this and then we want to test this route.
OK.
So let's go ahead and go to our Google Group and type in to the polls to the poll.
It was show user Arash Yahaya.
So technically we are using one of the hishe method which is get get is just getting data from this
rock that said.
So technically we passing a rap name which in our case will be for example of done example.
It is the same as this because you can see local's to the to the slash it will still be the same.
And then we pass in let's move this for us and then we pass in a callback function with the parameters
a request response and next and then we turn a Jason data format and we give it a user object which
is which de-value is our Achaia.
So in a nutshell whenever someone visits this history Berat it will simply return a Jason data.
In this video we learn on how to run our first server and as well as our first Hastey be around in the
next video we will set up our cloud Mowgli account.
I'll see you guys next.